I tell people my sister moved out west
your science teacher your husband he
renovate houses you're thinking about
moving but you're gonna waits until the
interest rates go down that's all my
story before it was an Avenger
I mean mistakes
[Applause]
[Music]
a lot of enemies
is called signs taskmaster he controls
the red-room they're manipulated fully
conscious with no choices I should have
come back for you how the others are
there enough
[Music]
we have to go back to where it all
started so they never do that to anyone
again
we're family we fight with you
you won't win of course started
don't look into the past
okay you got a plan or shall I just
stayed up in code my plan was to drive
us away where your plan sucks
[Music]
at some point we all have to choose
between what the world wants you to be
who you are
I mean my choice
I'm done running
[Music]
here's what's gonna happen Natasha don't
slouch
I'm not slouching you're going to get
the back hunched listen to mother oh my
god all right enough all of you
I didn't say anything that's not fair I
don't think we ever gonna get out of
this town
I'm telling you seeing Maria today that
was a positive moment Maria oh my god if
you're ever in Manhattan I'll show you
around
great yes meeting you Craig look at her
lives map spinning our wheels job after
job
[Music]
I'm gonna get fired again oh it's
finally time for that big adventure
brother
I'll talk your road trip for the
Promised Land yeah yeah Wow
we're not taking my sister's car man he
will kill us your sisters in jail she'll
never know every single one we got four
whole days we can keep back relax and
breathe in America want to turn it
around I'll hold it for you nervous
we're the only black guys in here
[Applause]
missing these dudes right here they
stole my car you know what sometimes you
just got it
I thought the window was open
[Music]
gorilla
[Applause]
[Music]
so what are you doing out here there is
a legend in the jungles of the Amazon of
a tree that heals or it could change the
world but if it gets into the wrong
hands
he could awaken a great evil
I believe that the legend is real juice
man I'm gonna find it you want when I do
just imagine the lives that could be
saved I've been looking for this tree
longer than anybody I've tracked the
legend every village every island
nothing we searching for something can't
be found
but you've never had the key let's do
something that's safe as KUSI's of
elephants they're all no elephants in
the Amazon and I don't even like
elephants lady everybody likes velvet
know this about the jungle
everything that you see wants to kill
you and cannon
careful take a smell fear
[Music]
oh my god
who brings a submarine to the Amazon oh
yeah
[Music]
Oh
don't get it oh come on I got it I don't
got it was a Austin go the way I planned
[Music]
what
what is this place what's your name
honey I'm Joe I teach middle school band
how'd it go for today started out as the
best day of my life
back here tonight first shows at 7:00
you know what this gonna say Joe Gardner
I got the gig
must have been Sutton for you
[Music]
[Applause]
huh no it's the great before this is
where new Souls get their personalities
quirks and interest before they go to
earth
may 22 know everything about us and I
don't want anything to do with it you're
missing out on the joys of life like
pizza I can't smell we can't we can't
taste either all that stuff is in your
body no smell no taste or touch see okay
Wow
is all this living really worth dying
for
you're so mine can you help me get back
no way I am what are we waiting for
[Music]
hmm hey sweet what is it
151,000 Sol's going to the great beyond
everyday you know I can't easily single
one of them
the counts off huh once upon a time
there were two trolls they saved the
world pretty cute right not to me I'm
the type of cloud that goes for this
sort of thing Eenie what poppy and
branch didn't know was their world was a
lot bigger than they thought a lot lot
lot bigger there are other kinds of
trolls our ancestors created six streams
each for a different type of music rock
country techno classical funk and
[Music]
Pisan move honey and daddy yeah
there's a world full of other trolls how
different can they be I'm gonna unite
the sixth string
by the end of my world tour I'm gonna
turn all the trolls into rocks on
she wants to destroy us we need to unite
patrol to save all music blessing them
the most important songs in the history
of music this ought to be good
[Music]
I knew it who let the dogs out too far
prepare for battle
oh I can stop the feeling
how are we gonna hug our way out of this
one I will protect you no matter what
pinky promise
[Applause]
Oh pinkie promise a smooth jazz troll
and he paralyzed
[Music]
you invited my corned beef sandwich you
know like my sandwich is my music I
don't think that's how friends work
maybe we shouldn't be anymore
we shouldn't be friends Thank You April
heavier sandy not hungry mom she's
allowed to be depressed thank you no one
as good as nickel ever loved her again
[Music]
took this clara girl come from anyway
she's like in tears i'm just showing her
around and you've got before i show
heard the chinese theater she should see
next penis hi
you're april uh-huh you wanna go do a
shot why are you being so nice to me I
want a reason to give you a black eye
what about when he grabbed your boob
like a tightly sealed jar when he refers
to his dick as a Quidditch SiC he hasn't
done that with me see we should make
some rules
[Music]
you're gonna tell him you were rat
Benjamin what I know what happens to
rats
I get shanked in their sleep they get
their carbon monoxide detectors disabled
yeah you guys are perfect for each other
you know
[Music]
think about you all time
Eve exhibited very little personal
growth
before you rebounding with it's just
like mr. Karl oh it's no I meant you're
in your dream job we're in this radical
apartment how do you think the rent is
so cheap do you yield from time to time
members of a deranged cult break and
enter in order to commit self murder
does the super not go over this with you
when you looked at the apartment
Reginald storsch incited over two dozen
innocent victims to self murder he
committed suicide in a bathtub
the bathtub is magical and will
magically hold on to the afterglow for
all eternity more we learn about stores
see why these people follow him I'm
totally good with having a little store
in our lives needs a little more blood
and violence but that's no big you know
these poor souls worked so hard to meet
storage in the Eternity but they really
have trouble with it they like they
totally suck at suicide
it's our apartment what's wrong with
helping our visitors of the Queens
transition into turned 80 it's weird how
they all have some kind of red dye on
their lips now
[Music]
the beacons storsch was the lip and the
people came I know I did I know you know
you did this is our bestie
Oh babes this actually hurts quite a bit
how do you die for your mommy tell the
truth a man cannot outrun his destiny
[Music]
your mother soldier 15-pound you cost me
and you can learn that back I will put a
child yet I were already traveling Full
Tilt toward the man I would become
[Music]
the legend what makes you think I won't
kill you right now sure know the man you
pretend to be I'd rather see to it that
your kind suffer either side of that
you call another
when a choice but the Macchio your son
intends to risky he could boy you go out
there and be a big month sir what boys
wanna build an army
go to war body bulletproof boys
many would call me the coldest blooded
murderer ever
but others knowing the truth would call
me a hero
and farewells this world always got left
is historian
the pod was completely drained the male
victims eyes welled open the pins
the female victim was in his homes
[Music]
someone mutilated her daughter postcard
turned up at a newspaper in Paris II I'm
in Hamburg in the Budapest he announces
his arrival in the city with the
postcard why do you think he posed him
he was saying something this one returns
the kiss Dante and Vergil in help Saturn
devouring his son they've discovered a
fifth couple of the murders were exact
and purposeful there's a pattern you've
got exactly four days to prevent a merge
I will find the answers myself I don't
recommend you do that you had your
chance I'm gonna copy 30 years this
killers brand of murder is very specific
extremely hard to profile
monsters will remain monsters no matter
what you try to do to tame them it all
makes horrible twisted sense love pain
death they're not finished yet
art is a wound turned into that
inside the matrix of 200 detention
centers almost 40,000 immigrants are
locked up the cording ties policy like
it husbands not supposed to be in there
at all so it's the nationalizing 1,400
deportations every day one the minute
everybody agrees it
my dad was detained in front of me well
tonight I have one question
hi how can I get in you're gonna be
transported to a detention facility
we're all young illegals our mission
stop the deportations our strategy get
into the detention center and get people
out there was a woman scientist
attention center video you ready I
called my mom and my dad and I said this
is what I'm about to do they were scared
for their daughter
God is never the case that we never go
home I don't go chicha Russia or refuse
loss we can pass out a lot more phone
numbers now what does that mean I se
sienta de la voy por lo que pasear book
I don't know what you're up to but from
now on things are gonna be very
different
her husband was beating her and she
finally went to the cops to turn him in
and then they detained her lucky they
were putting benny his flight leaves
tonight i have somebody that's being
deported in a couple hours
his life is in danger gonna smash your
safety
do you care for mommy
we're not leaving
it's miles got released dreamer release
dreamer release dreamer
stop
[Music]